---
--- Representation theory of compact Lie groups Lie groups, Lie algebras,
matrix groups , representations, Schur's orthogonality relations, Peter-Weyl
theorem, structure of compact semisimple Lie groups, maximal tori, roots and
rootspaces, classification of fundamental systems Weyl group, Highest weight
theorem, Weyl integration formula, Weyl's character formula. Â  References * V.
S. Varadarajan: Lie groups, Lie algebras and their representations, Sringer
1984 * B. C. Hall: Lie groups, Lie algebras and representations, Springer 2003
* Barry Simon: Representations of finite and compact groups, AMS 1996 * A. W.
Knapp: Representation theory of semismiple lie groups. An overview based on
examples, Princeton university press 2002.
---
--- Representation theory of
compact Lie groups Lie groups, Lie algebras, matrix groups , representations,
Schur's orthogonality relations, Peter-Weyl theorem, structure of compact
semisimple Lie groups, maximal tori, roots and rootspaces, classification of
fundamental systems Weyl group, Highest weight theorem, Weyl integration
formula, Weyl's character formula. Â  References * V. S. Varadarajan: Lie
groups, Lie algebras and their representations, Sringer 1984 * B. C. Hall: Lie
groups, Lie algebras and representations, Springer 2003 * Barry Simon:
Representations of finite and compact groups, AMS 1996 * A. W. Knapp:
Representation theory of semismiple lie groups. An overview based on examples,
Princeton university press 2002.
