---
date : 2017-04-24

time : 4pm

location : LH-1, Mathematics Department

speaker : Luz Roncal (BCAM -  Basque Center for Applied Mathematics, Spain)

title: Weighted norm inequalities for rough singular integral operators
---
The study of weighted inequalities in Classical Harmonic
Analysis started in 70's, when B. Muckenhoupt characterised in 1972 the
weights $w$ for which the Hardy--Littlewood maximal function is bounded in
$L^p(w)$. At that time the question about how the operator depended on the
constant associated with $w$, which we denote by $[w]_{A_p}$, was not
considered (i.e., *quantitative estimates*) were not investigated.

From the beginning of 2000's, a great activity has been carried out in
order to obtain the sharp dependence for singular integral operators,
reaching the solution of the so-called $A_2$ conjecture by T. P.
H\"ytonen.

In this talk we consider operators with homogeneous singular kernels, on
which we assume smoothness conditions that are weaker than the standard
ones (this is why they are called rough). The first qualitative weighted
estimates are due to J. Duoandikoetxea and J. L. Rubio de Francia. For the
norm of these operators in the space $L^2(w)$ we obtain a quantitative
estimate which is quadratic in the constant $[w]_{A_2}$.

The results are based on a classical decomposition of the rough operators
as a sum of other operators with a smoother kernel, for which a
quantitative reelaboration of a dyadic decomposition proposed by M. T.
Lacey is applied.

We will overview as well the most recent advances, mainly associated with
quantitative estimates for these rough singular integrals. In particular,
Coifman--Fefferman type inequalities (which are new even in their
qualitative version), weighted $A_p$-$A_{\infty}$ inequalities and a
quantitative version of weak $(1,1)$ estimates will be shown.
